add section about running service bindings locally (#11244)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/functions/bindings.md

{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

### Interact with your Service bindings locally

> While developing locally, to interact with a Service binding, run the Worker you want to bind to via `wrangler dev` and in parallel, run `wrangler pages dev` with `--service <BINDING_NAME>=<SCRIPT_NAME>` where `SCRIPT_NAME` indicates the name of the Worker. For example, if your Worker is called `my-worker`, connect with such worker by running it via `npx wrangler dev` (in the Worker's directory) alongside `npx wrangler pages dev <OUTPUT_DIR> --service MY_SERVICE=my-worker` (in the Pages' directory). Interact with this binding by using `context.env` (for example, `context.env.MY_SERVICE`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with a [service binding](/workers/configuration/bindings/about-service-bindings/) while developing locally, run the Worker you want to bind to via `wrangler dev` and in parallel, run `wrangler pages dev` with `--service <BINDING_NAME>=<SCRIPT_NAME>` where `SCRIPT_NAME` indicates the name of the Worker. For example, if your Worker is called `my-worker`, connect with this Worker by running it via `npx wrangler dev` (in the Worker's directory) alongside `npx wrangler pages dev <OUTPUT_DIR> --service MY_SERVICE=my-worker` (in the Pages' directory). Interact with this binding by using `context.env` (for example, `context.env.MY_SERVICE`).
```
